c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\UniSystemHelpDesk.dll.config
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\UniSystemHelpDesk.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\UniSystemHelpDesk.pdb
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\obj\Debug\UniSystemHelpDesk.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\obj\Debug\UniSystemHelpDesk.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UniSystemHelpDesk\UniSystemHelpDesk\obj\Debug\UniSystemHelpDesk.pdb
